[DOCS] Adding metadata to articles (#18153)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/Documentation/model_introduction.md

# Model Preparation {#openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction}

@sphinxdirective

.. meta::

>    :description: Pre-trained deep learning models can be downloaded, for 
>                  example from Open Model Zoo, and then customized and prepared 
>                  for work with OpenVINO Runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
   :description: Preparing models for OpenVINO Runtime. Learn how to convert and compile models from different frameworks or read them directly.
```
